# ReplyGuy

ReplyGuy is an agent on farcaster that helps you in discovering most relevant content as per your each cast.

## Features

1. Content Discovery on the Farcaster.
2. Verifiability of the data fetched from the farcaster using Reclaim Protocol.
3. Verifiability of the cast created by the agent using the custom Eigen Layer built using Othentic stack on Base and Ethereum.

## The problem it solves

People waste hours of their life in scrolling through the internet in search of content that is not relevant to them.

### Why does this problem exist?

Lack of personalization and context in the content that is being consumed.

### What are the possible solutions to this problem?

The generic solution to this is to ask user to define their interests and preferences, and then based on that, the content is personalized.

But this is not a good or scalable solution. No one has time to define their interests or select the option to "Not Interested".

### How does ReplyGuy solve this problem?

ReplyGuy uses AI intelligence to understand each and every user's post and its intent, and if the post is reply worthy, then the agent will fetch the most relevant content across Farcaster and reply to the user's post with a link to it.

### How it works

Single click subscribe to the ReplyGuy in the Farcaster miniapp.

That's it! User not require to provide any information or context.

Now cast like before and get the most relevant content in your feed.

### Tech Stack

1. Neynar APIs for interacting with the Farcaster Protocol.
2. Eigen Layer AVS on Base and Ethereum.
3. Gemini and OpenAI for generating embeddings and replies.
4. Supabase for storing the data.

#### Contracts

The following AVS contracts have been deployed on Base Sepolia (L2) and Ethereum Holesky (L1):

- [AVS_GOVERNANCE_ADDRESS](https://holesky.etherscan.io/address/0xF008031601847dCDe95904bB94e1F0D9804E0e4b)
- [ATTESTATION_CENTER_ADDRESS](https://sepolia.basescan.org/address/0x87d95ad1730ebaeed5a8a563ce69febd7e14220a)

> NOTE
> We have deployed AVS on the *Base Sepolia and Ethereum Sepolia testnet*, due to the cost and setup of the reward distribution mechanism for validators, as we are not generating revenue right now. 
> But we have a solid plan to generate revenue that is to provide a service to subscribers to boost their posts' visibility on Farcaster to a targeted audience. This is a well-requested feature and is present on every social media platform at a very high price, but we will be able to provide it at a very low price with much better results.

## Challenges we ran into

In starting we were happy with the responses from the AI and in getting our first 120 Subscribers.

Link : https://warpcast.com/yourreplyguy/0xa9cfb518

But when we lookout for the feedback from the users, we found two major issues:

1. The reply frequency was really high.
2. Sometimes the reply was not relevant to the post.

So we sat, screamed through the night and came up with the following solution:

Conditional reply based on the post.

Examples:

- If the post is just a reply to some other post or any empty quote post, then don't reply.
- If the post is in a channel, priortise the content discovery from the channel.

Another issue was verifying that the data is being fetched from the trusted servers and replies are being generated by the AI and doesn't have any human intervention.

To fix this we came up with the following solution:

Verifiable Agent using Eigen Layer.

We built an Eigen Layer AVS on Base and Ethereum to verify the data and the replies posted by the agent, using Reclaim Protocol and Othentic stack.
